Address source code building command for Intel GPU support (#143476)
pytorch/pytorch: README.md

If you want to build legacy python code, please refer to [Building on legacy code and CUDA](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#building-on-legacy-code-and-cuda)

> **CPU-only or Intel GPU builds**

Reviewer: What's the behavior if users install CUDA SDK? Actually, it is sort of confusing.

Author: Hi Eikan, do you suggest to add a note telling the users that they should not install cuda sdk if they are building PyTorch on a machine with Intel GPU?

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we should highlight it since it is CPU-only.

```

**Intel GPU builds**

In this mode PyTorch with Intel GPU support will be built.

> Please make sure [the common prerequisites](#prerequisites) as well as [the prerequisites for Intel GPU](#intel-gpu-support) are properly installed and the environmental variables are configured in prior. For build tool support, `Visual Studio 2022` is required.

Reviewer 2: environmental -> environment 

Also, not sure what do you mean by `For build tool support`, but leaving it as is
```suggestion
Please make sure [the common prerequisites](#prerequisites) as well as [the prerequisites for Intel GPU](#intel-gpu-support) are properly installed and the environment variables are configured prior to starting the build. For build tool support, `Visual Studio 2022` is required.
```

```

**Intel GPU builds**

> In this mode PyTorch with Intel GPU support will be built. The building process has been validated with Visual Studio 2022.

Reviewer 3: > The building process has been validated with Visual Studio 2022.

Can this be reformulated to tell what is currently supported rather than what this was it validated with?

Author: Thanks for the comment, description is updated.

> Please make sure [the common prerequisites](#prerequisites) as well as [the prerequisites for Intel GPU](#intel-gpu-support) are properly installed in prior. Specifically, the environmental variables needs to be configured by the following commands:

Reviewer 3: Is the build with Ninja generator supported if it's in the path? Note the respective comment in CUDA section above: "If ninja.exe is detected in PATH, then Ninja will be used as the default generator, otherwise, it will use VS 2017 / 2019."

I also wonder, whether usage of Ninja if it's in the path is the generic behavior for Windows pytorch build rather than CUDA specific? If so, this comment should likely be moved to common section outside CUDA. And CUDA, XPU, etc. device specific sections should probably just mention which Visual Studio versions are currently supported.

Author: Per discussion with @chuanqi129 , the usage of Ninja should be a generic behavior. However, I'm wondering whether we should change the description in other parts, as the intention of the PR is to add Intel GPU support src building for Win. @EikanWang any suggestions?

Reviewer: As @dvrogozh 's comments, we should move `ninja` under Windows rather than different devices if it is a generic behavior. @ZailiWang , @chuanqi129 is it possible to quickly check the ninja behavior?

Author: PyTorch is encouraging users to install with `ninja`. In README the installation is even mentioned twice with `conda install` and `pip install` (ninja is in [requirements.txt](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/blob/main/requirements.txt#L11) ). After the installation, `ninja.exe` will present in `<CONDA_ENV>\Library\bin` and `<CONDA_ENV>\Scripts` respectively, both paths are in %PATH% when the conda env is activated.
So I'm not sure if we need to address the behavior if `ninja` is not installed, as it is not recommended by PyTorch. I think even the current statement in CUDA section is unnecessary.

Another thing is that I met with the same issue with #134989 during the building. Do we need to address the issue and tell the workaround somewhere in the doc?

Author: Hi @dvrogozh @EikanWang would you review my comment above and share your advice? thanks!

Reviewer 3: It's fine with me now.
